# November 10th, 2015

1. Refactor the account controller to use Promise probably.
2. Edit mode validation error msgs
3. Edit view page to add the detail form there.
4. Design the account creation flow.
5. Create/Update the account detail from the account `view` page.

## Problems and Solutions
### Task 1
#### LEARNING

The proper way to handel Promise is to use `then` and put the onSuccess and onFailure functions as parameters

    Account.findAll()
      .then(function(accounts){
          res.render("list", {accounts: accounts});
        }, 
        function(error){
          return next(error);
      });

### Task 2
#### LEARNING

If a validator is either true or false to activate it, then setting it with an object of options will be equivalent to set it to true

    validate: {
      notEmpty: {
        msg: "Username is required"
      },
      ...
    }

If a validator accepts something rather than true and false e.g an array of values..., then we can provide an object of options with the values is `args` option.

    validate: {
      ...
      len: {
        args: [8, 128],
        msg: "Username should be from 8 to 128 characters length"
      }
    }

### Task 4

So now the idea is to put accout creation and account details creation into 2 pages.
We create account in `accounts/create`, then update their details in `accounts/view/:id`.
We will check whether an account has an `account_detail`, from that we can decide to create/update its details.

#### LEARNING
- Sequelize `find` methods will return undefine if it cannot find a record, so that we have to check its value rather than checking for error only
- Sequelize does not automatically fetch the association along with an object after we query them. We have to put `include` as an option in query function


    Account.findById(req.params.id, {include: req.models.account_detail})

See [this](http://docs.sequelizejs.com/en/latest/api/model/#findall) for more query options.
Then we can get the association as a property

    var detail = account.account_detail;

