# November 2nd, 2015

Today I finished structuring the MVC of the project.

1. Created the set-controller to load all the controllers under `controllers` directory.
2. Load all the views corresponding to every controllers.
3. Using ORM2 for database interaction
4. Created the set-model to load all the models under `models` directory.
5. Create a `settings.js` to store the application settings.
6. Render inner views `controllers/accounts/views/` with data from DB, and using `views/layout`

## Problems and Solutions
### Task 1 + 2
I want the app automatically load all the controllers which are routers to specific resources e.g accounts, documents, main etc..
I create a script `lib/setup-controller.js`.
The script will get all the controllers under `controllers` directory.
Each of controller is an instance of:

    express.Router()

After that, I created an Express instance (*sub-app*) for every controllers.

    var subApp = express();

which *use* the controller (i.e the Router). 

    subApp.use(controller)

then I set the views corresponding to every controller.
    
    subApp.set('views', __dirname + '/../controllers/' + name + '/views');

It means that every controller is an express instance with the *views* set to the inner views directory.
Finally I add all the sub-app to the app by using

    app.use('/' + name, subApp);

*LEARNING*:

- We can set multiple *views* to an Express app by using sub-app.
- Express instance can use any instances implementing middleware interface, i.e express.Route(), express(), middleware function etc...

### Task 4
I want the app automatically load all the models definition for the corresponding tables in DB e.g accounts, documents etc...
I create a script `lib/setup-model.js`.
This script will *export* a middlewere to be *used* in the Express app.
It will load the ORM lib and connect to DB by providing DB connection information.
After that it will load all the model definitions then add them to the DB connection instance.
Every model definitions is a function which receive an DB connection instance and add the model definitions to it.

    module.exports = function (orm, db) {
      var Account = db.define('account', {
        id: { type: 'serial', required: true },
        ...
      });
    }

Finally, I added the `connection.models` back to `req.models`, and the DB connection instance to `req.db`.
By this way, we can get the DB connection instance and all the model definistion by using `req` parameter.

*LEARNING*: 

- we can have various design of model using ORM2 e.g put the DB connection in every models, then import the model definition by using that connection, so that we can require single model file when needed.
- Or we can use them as the middleware like my solution.
- ORM2 will create `id` column for every model automatically using serial. See more [here](https://github.com/dresende/node-orm2#advanced-options).

### Task 6
- Inner views can be rendered from the corresponding controller. (because we set *sub-view* from *sub-app*)

    res.render("list", {accounts: accounts});

- We can extend layout from different directories by relative path

    extends ../../../views/layout

*LEARNING*: 

- ORM2 Model `find` can be used without filter. Just ignore the first parameter of filter object, only put the callback

    Account.find(function (err, accounts) {...}
